c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
c:\users\alistair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WeFix\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\Alistair\Documents\WeFix\Final\WeFix\WeFix.Domain\obj\Debug\WeFix.Domain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
